DAC REV B PCB Review (#133)
Severson-Group/AMDC-Hardware: Accessories/ExpansionBoard_DAC/docs/README.md

### Jumper Blocks

There is a total of eight jumpers on the DAC board that configure the expected pinout from the DB-15 connector. 

- Jumpers JP1, JP2, and JP3 route the SPI signals used to communicate with the DAC 
- Jumpers JP4 and JP5 route the power signals to the board. 
- Jumpers JP6, JP7, and JP8 enable or disable the SPI signal digital isolator. 

All eight jumpers are critical to the operation of the DAC board and must be installed on the appropriate side of the jumper blocks as designated by the silkscreen. An example installation of the Power Stack Inverter configuration can be seen below:

<img src="images/amdc-dac-jmp1.jpg" style="max-width:580px">

<br>
<br>

<img src="images/amdc-dac-jmp2.jpg" style="max-width:580px">

### DAC

> The [DAC60508MC](../REV20200720B/datasheets/dac60508.pdf) 12-bit DAC was selected for its minimal SPI interface. The CS, SCLK, and MOSI lines (supplied by the AMDC) are all that's required to drive each of the eight channels' outputs. The DAC is supplied at 5V with an internally generated _V_<sub>_REF_</sub> = 2.5V. On powerup, the DAC resets all channels' outputs to midscale which scales to 0V across the op amps. A powerup reset event can also be initiated asynchronously of the SPI interface via the onboard push button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [DAC60508MC](../REV20200720B/datasheets/dac60508.pdf) 12-bit DAC was selected for its minimal SPI interface. The CS, SCLK, and MOSI lines (supplied by the AMDC) are all that's required to drive each of the eight output channels. The DAC is supplied at 5V with an internally generated _V_<sub>_REF_</sub> = 2.5V. On powerup, the DAC resets all channels' outputs to midscale which scales to 0V across the op amps. A powerup reset event can also be initiated independently of the SPI interface via the onboard push button.

```
